K
slice welcome back high in today's
video I am going to tell you that if
you have taken ICICI Lombard health
insurance then how do you do PM
post end you can do stand distance
land online Shruti Vyas
computer programmers in this video on this
topic so please add this video till the end
so that you can get the benefit so to
give this complete information you will have to
take everyone towards the phone screen let's
go so here you
can see this see this way I
installed it in the phone in a simple way I open it
then on gas you have to click login cell complete
and you have to
register the same number then login
with your office number which is attached with your insurance
you were purchasing the policy at the
same time you had taken your policy by
submitting your Aadhar number simple that number you have to
clear login here here
you get the policies you get the
certificate you get the home page of the application that
policy on network so here you have to click on the
second number two options available policies
You have to simply click on clans next to it, so
here you can find the ISO file, airplane
options, available apps, and simply click on it.
Or there are two types of
mega hospitalization, in this way,
hospitalization imbursement. So subscribe to this video.
If you get to see the video,
after clicking on post hospitalization, here you can see
that you have to
click on subscribe number. So simply
type it. You simply type
here
date of admission
[music].
You subscribe
to Shravan Cashless Top Ten. Now here you will see the
display amount of your claim. So simply
type my 1000. If you have taken
any action on the President,
but have not seen it, then simply
click on continue. Here you have to choose
vaccine same way, do this time
on simple process. Now
here you can see that the proposal
name is China's policy. Simply you have to
enter the proposal name here.  Which will be
in the bank account, its proposal bank
account number on the net and here you
need de-confirmation of bank account number, its
IFSC code, which you will get in the footer,
you go to your bank passbook and the
bank has absorbed it in the same way, the
branch has carefully absorbed the
passbook, after that you will have to enter the PIN
number here, if you do not have a number at home then you
can submit it without number, it is
not mandatory for you, so after typing all this on the computer,
click on submit, so guys, here
you will have to upload the document,
first of all you have to
click on select document here,
after clicking, you will have to fill up the claim form,
if you do not know how to
fill up the claim form, I have
made a dedicated video on it,
you will get the link of that video also in the description,
so here you have to submit the claim form in an
easy way, you will have to submit the cancelled
cheque of the same bank account which you submit the full bank account details,
also
if you want to get admitted in the final hospital, you can do it  In the
same way, if you want to
submit medicines as well, if you
want to submit red chilli as well, then
simply you have to click on finalize.
Here you can submit the restriction on Aadhaar as well,
like Aadhaar card, PAN card
document is done, now you can submit it here, you
can submit the payment receipt, so you have to select
Shimla here, click on how to track it, then
here you simply have to
click on product comment from file, on that
you have to simply
click on choose from every, then here you
can see clash cancel check options in
front of you, if you had to submit a video, you
can submit the victim as well, you
can also submit an image, then simply tick it here and
click on submit.
After clicking on submit, here you get the
install details, you get the message send
details, you get the bank details, then you get
its document, simply you have to
click on it and simply you have to
click on final submit, in a short while the
stand will show you in this way
that  You have been successfully registered. If
you want to pick up the cake or check the status, then simply
after registration,
you simply click on the screen and
again just click on the attractive flame.
Now here you can see
some processing details and here you will be given the
name. Simply, here you
can see the reference number, date of
intimate scenes, it has been shot for you.
Here you will
click on the full little wool details in the under process, then you will
get the full information. So, I have
given you complete information about how you have to click,
how you have to do it online so that you can get the
benefit and so that you can get your money. If you liked the
live video, so my friends,
please like this video
and
subscribe to my channel. Till then, subscribe to the channel in this way.
Yuvraj Singh,
thank you.